# CSC 345 Project
# Test Cases File

# === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === ===
# STANDALONE ALGORITHMS
# === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === ===

#
# BUBBLE SORT
#

@Bubble-Sort-General-200
sortMethod:                 bubble
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          200
generateArrayType:          shuffled
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

@Bubble-Sort-Slides-Worst-5000
sortMethod:                 bubble
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          5000
generateArrayType:          descending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Bubble-Sort-Slides-Average-5000
sortMethod:                 bubble
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          5000
generateArrayType:          random
generateArrayRandomLow:     -10000
generateArrayRandomHigh:     10000
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Bubble-Sort-Slides-Best-5000
sortMethod:                 bubble
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          5000
generateArrayType:          ascending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

#
# SELECTION SORT
#

@Selection-Sort-General-200
sortMethod:                 selection
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          200
generateArrayType:          shuffled
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

@Selection-Sort-Slides-Descending-5000
sortMethod:                 selection
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          5000
generateArrayType:          descending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Selection-Sort-Slides-Random-5000
sortMethod:                 selection
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          5000
generateArrayType:          random
generateArrayRandomLow:     -10000
generateArrayRandomHigh:     10000
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Selection-Sort-Slides-Ascending-5000
sortMethod:                 selection
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          5000
generateArrayType:          ascending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

#
# INSERTION SORT
#

@Insertion-Sort-General-200
sortMethod:                 insertion
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          200
generateArrayType:          shuffled
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

@Insertion-Sort-Slides-Worst-5000
sortMethod:                 insertion
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          5000
generateArrayType:          descending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Insertion-Sort-Slides-Average-5000
sortMethod:                 insertion
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          5000
generateArrayType:          random
generateArrayRandomLow:     -10000
generateArrayRandomHigh:     10000
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Insertion-Sort-Slides-Best-5000
sortMethod:                 insertion
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          5000
generateArrayType:          ascending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

#
# MERGE SORT
#

@Merge-Sort-General-200
sortMethod:                 merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          200
generateArrayType:          shuffled
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

@Merge-Sort-Slides-Descending-50
sortMethod:                 merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          50
generateArrayType:          descending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Merge-Sort-Slides-Random-50
sortMethod:                 merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          50
generateArrayType:          random
generateArrayRandomLow:     -10000
generateArrayRandomHigh:     10000
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Merge-Sort-Slides-Ascending-50
sortMethod:                 merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          50
generateArrayType:          ascending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

#
# HEAP SORT
#

@Heap-Sort-General-200
sortMethod:                 heap
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          200
generateArrayType:          shuffled
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

@Heap-Sort-Slides-Descending-50
sortMethod:                 heap
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          50
generateArrayType:          descending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Heap-Sort-Slides-Random-50
sortMethod:                 heap
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          50
generateArrayType:          random
generateArrayRandomLow:     -10000
generateArrayRandomHigh:     10000
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Heap-Sort-Slides-Ascending-50
sortMethod:                 heap
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          50
generateArrayType:          ascending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

#
# QUICK SORT
#

@Quick-Sort-General-200
sortMethod:                 quick
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          200
generateArrayType:          shuffled
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

@Quick-Sort-Slides-Descending-50
sortMethod:                 quick
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          50
generateArrayType:          descending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

@Quick-Sort-Slides-Random-50
sortMethod:                 quick
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          50
generateArrayType:          random
generateArrayRandomLow:     -10000
generateArrayRandomHigh:     10000
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

@Quick-Sort-Slides-Ascending-50
sortMethod:                 quick
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          50
generateArrayType:          ascending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

# This example for the worst-case of Quick Sort is a "V" shape where the minimum
# value is in the middle of the array.
@Quick-Sort-Slides-Worst-50
sortMethod:                 quick
isArrayGiven:               true
givenArray:                 [25, 24, 23, 22, 21, 20, 19, 18, 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24]
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

# === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === ===
# HYBRID ALGORITHMS
# === === === === === === === === === === === === === === === ===

#
# QUICK-MERGE (QUICK SORT AND MERGE SORT)
#

@Quick-Merge-General-200
sortMethod:                 quick-merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          200
generateArrayType:          shuffled
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

@Quick-Merge-Slides-Descending-100
sortMethod:                 quick-merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          100
generateArrayType:          descending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Quick-Merge-Slides-Random-100
sortMethod:                 quick-merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          100
generateArrayType:          random
generateArrayRandomLow:     -10000
generateArrayRandomHigh:     10000
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Quick-Merge-Slides-Ascending-100
sortMethod:                 quick-merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          100
generateArrayType:          ascending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

#
# BUBBLE-MERGE (BUBBLE SORT AND MERGE SORT)
#

@Bubble-Merge-General-200
sortMethod:                 bubble-merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          200
generateArrayType:          shuffled
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

@Bubble-Merge-Slides-Descending-500
sortMethod:                 bubble-merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          500
generateArrayType:          descending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Bubble-Merge-Slides-Random-500
sortMethod:                 bubble-merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          500
generateArrayType:          random
generateArrayRandomLow:     -10000
generateArrayRandomHigh:     10000
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Bubble-Merge-Slides-Ascending-500
sortMethod:                 bubble-merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          500
generateArrayType:          ascending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

#
# HEAP-MERGE (HEAP SORT AND MERGE SORT)
#

@Heap-Merge-General-200
sortMethod:                 heap-merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          200
generateArrayType:          shuffled
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

@Heap-Merge-Slides-Descending-100
sortMethod:                 heap-merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          100
generateArrayType:          descending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Heap-Merge-Slides-Random-100
sortMethod:                 heap-merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          100
generateArrayType:          random
generateArrayRandomLow:     -10000
generateArrayRandomHigh:     10000
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Heap-Merge-Slides-Ascending-100
sortMethod:                 heap-merge
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          100
generateArrayType:          ascending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

#
# MERGE-INSERTION (INSERTION SORT AND MERGE SORT)
#

@Merge-Insertion-General-200
sortMethod:                 merge-insertion
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          200
generateArrayType:          shuffled
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

@Merge-Insertion-Slides-Descending-500
sortMethod:                 merge-insertion
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          500
generateArrayType:          descending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Merge-Insertion-Slides-Random-500
sortMethod:                 merge-insertion
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          500
generateArrayType:          random
generateArrayRandomLow:     -10000
generateArrayRandomHigh:     10000
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Merge-Insertion-Slides-Ascending-500
sortMethod:                 merge-insertion
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          500
generateArrayType:          ascending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

#
# MERGE-SELECTION (SELECTION SORT AND MERGE SORT)
#

@Merge-Selection-General-200
sortMethod:                 merge-selection
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          200
generateArrayType:          shuffled
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              true
plotEnabled:                true

@Merge-Selection-Slides-Descending-50
sortMethod:                 merge-selection
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          50
generateArrayType:          descending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Merge-Selection-Slides-Random-50
sortMethod:                 merge-selection
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          50
generateArrayType:          random
generateArrayRandomLow:     -10000
generateArrayRandomHigh:     10000
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true

@Merge-Selection-Slides-Ascending-50
sortMethod:                 merge-selection
isArrayGiven:               false
generateArraySize:          50
generateArrayType:          ascending
isPlotBoundsGiven:          false
visualEnabled:              false
plotEnabled:                true